All right, so for the next section
we're gonna talk about something,
that's actually how we're
using Vuex in real life.
So the examples in the code
that I showed you in
the past two parts were
mostly Vuex in CodePen.
Which is a single Vuex view instance,
which can be useful if you wanna do
something really quick, if you wanna
check whether, or not things work.
But oftentimes when you use Vuex,
you're actually using it in the context of
a single file component,
which is how Vue is organized.
So we want to be able to isolate Vuex,
because in the CodePen examples,
we had Vuex sitting in the same
place that we have our Vue code,
and that is generally not common practice.